pos	i really like both chinese restaurants in town.
pos	this one has outstanding crab rangoon.
pos	love the chicken with snow peas and mushrooms and general tso chicken.
pos	food is always ready in 10 minutes which is accurate.
pos	good place and they give you free pop.
pos	we order from chang jiang often and have never been disappointed.
pos	the menu is huge, and can accomodate anyone's taste buds.
pos	the service is quick, usually ready in 10 minutes.
pos	best chinese food madison!
pos	i've tried them all and make the 15 minute drive every week :-)
neg	awful, awful, awful...  the worst of the worst of the cookie-cutter chinese restaurants.
neg	food without flavor, a menu without imagination and a staff of such profound indifference it's hard to tell they're even there.
neg	tried this because it's local.
neg	terrible, bland chinese food.
neg	not much else to say.
neg	will never return.
neg	my wife wanted me to mention her sweet and sour chicken, which was battered fried chicken pieces with a side of sauce in a bowl.
neg	when she asked where the vegetables were (like the picture), she was told there is a piece of pineapple in the sauce and that is what comes with it.
neg	as promised, we looked hard into the sauce and found one very small piece of pineapple.
neg	bon appetite.
pos	main moon is hand's down my favorite place to grab chinese in mcfarland, but really anywhere.
pos	no matter what time of day, day of the week, or week of the year - it only takes 15 minutes to get your food.
pos	freshly made each time too.
pos	don't order from the pictures, order from you heart.
pos	the staff is so friendly, i'm thinking about proposing in the near future, as i hope to be a part of their family like they've been a part of mine.
pos	i just can't even talk about the lunch buffet, i'll start tearing up with how amazing the deal is.
pos	andddd, i just shed a tear.
pos	yum yum yum in my tum tum tum.
pos	miss you, main moon xoxox
pos	main moon has the best lunch in mcfarland, buffet style.
pos	friendly service, gloriously large takeout menus, and sauces like no one else.
pos	try their fried pork dumplings, crab rangoon, or general tso's.
pos	their fried rice is legit.
pos	all portions are generous.
pos	until secondary moons are established, make your lunar landing as soon as you can.
pos	delicious.
pos	leaps and bounds better than other chinese food in the madison area.
pos	their lunch buffet is a great value.
pos	the general tsao's is to die for.
pos	don't miss out on this fantastic food.
pos	the china wok buffet is the best chinese buffet i've ever been too!
pos	i only give it a 4 instead of a 5 because if i find something better(very unlikely) i won't be able to rate it as such.
pos	this buffet has everything you could want from chinese food.
pos	it has a delicious array of chicken's, pork, and seafood.
pos	my personal fav's are the tso's, peppered chicken, crab cheese bake, deep fried shrimp, and the baked salmon.
pos	their crab rangoon, egg rolls, and soup are fair.
pos	finally their desert.
pos	unlike most chinese buffets i've been to this one buckets of ice cream.
pos	you serve yourself but you get a decent assortment of mint chocolate chip, strawberry, butter pecan, and birthday cake.
pos	if your ever in the mood to over indulge on food at a really good price.
pos	i definitely recommend going here.
pos	i typically hate and do not recommend chinese buffets, but this is totally the exception.
pos	i have been going to this buffet for a few years now, and it is great every time.
pos	they don't overstock the buffet, so they keep the items fresh all the time.
pos	from the soups, to apps to the main dishes, is very good food.
pos	remember, its chinese, so stay away from the sushi, its not up to par with the rest of the buffet.
pos	finally, there is ice cream kind of hidden in the back.
pos	put a scoop or two on top of a hot doughunt or two and you will finish in heaven.
neg	i went to this place at 7pm.
neg	and most of the food was cold or warm some hot fresh food.
neg	that was good but not for 10.75.  the only thing was great was the ice cram.
neg	went there on saturday night to get some food to go.
neg	on of the worst chinese buffets i've seen.
neg	half of the trays were empty and other half were almost empty.
neg	very little selection.
neg	the worst pay is the take out prices: $10.50 to get a to go box(should be under 2lb) and 40 cents for every ounce after, wtf is that!!!
neg	so we just went somewhere else that night and didn't dine there at all.
neg	bottom line: eat somewhere else.
neg	not good, not bad, this place is a fine choice if you're looking for totally mediocre but plentiful food.
neg	that being said, i would not recommend the place to friends.
pos	this place is great for what it is.
pos	i've never been disappointed - even after the lunch rush is over the food is kept fresh and rotated.
pos	i can't speak for dinner, but lunch is as good as chinese buffets get in the madison/middleton locale.
pos	jade garden is good if they are busy, but they let the food go to pot when they slow down a little.
neg	some of the food on the buffet is quite good.
neg	the szechwan pork and barbecue pork stand out in my recollection.
neg	the fried rice is memorable for its blandness and frozen peas and carrots.
neg	cabbage was apparently the only ingredient that they could find to stuff their egg rolls with.
neg	this gets lows ratings for staff and service.
neg	we were barely acknowledged upon entrance and completely ignored when attempting to pay.
neg	one drink refill arrived at all, and even then it was about 7 minutes later than desired.
neg	the manager chatted quite loudly on his phone while we and several others tried to settle our bills.
neg	he grunted in lieu of speaking and made his best effort to lob the receipts over the counter to avoid ever being within 6 inches of his customers.
neg	not sure why i keep deciding to come back here.
neg	rice is rock hard and has no flavor, along with most of the other food on the half-empty buffet trays.
neg	$10.50 for a plate of stale food and a drink that they forget to refill?
neg	no thanks.
pos	eclectic (but down-to-earth), upbeat, friendly, inexpensive, near-healthy (see menu), kid-friendly, fast, clean, variety.
pos	what more could one ask for?
neg	okay, sorry guys..but i was not impressed.
neg	just happened to be in the neighborhood...so i decided to go to chin's because i could sit outside.
neg	i ordered the lettuce wraps and the fried rice.
neg	the meat in the wraps was sub-standard and reminded me of dog food.
neg	the sauce was pretty much the only good part.
neg	the fried rice was described to have veggies and shrimp and crab...when it came out, it was so obviously krab.
neg	ugh.
neg	i won't be wasting my money again.
pos	chin's is my go-to "fast food" stop in my neighborhood.
pos	i fell in love with chin's when i was living across the street from their downtown location.
pos	i usually go with a selection from the kid's menu, the smiling lotus plate.
pos	a battered chicken breast with your choice of sauce (lemon, sweet & sour, and teriyaki - though i'm sure you can pick any sauce, these are just the kid-friendly flavors), choice of rice (white or brown), two cream cheese puffs, a chocolate-coated fortune cookie, and soda or milk, all for $4.17 including tax.
pos	the slp is by far the best deal around for my thrifty needs.
pos	the adult entrees cost twice as much, and though they offer more meat, they do not include any of the other goodies.
pos	one chicken breast is plenty for me.
pos	despite being inexpensive, the chicken is fairly good quality - i've never had any gross bits (like the weird slimy string you find in chicken tenders at a lot of places).
pos	occasionally the rice is on the dry side, but that's why man invented sauce.
pos	though 9 times out of 10 i opt for the smiling lotus plate (with lemon sauce & white rice, if you're wondering), occasionally i'll get the sesame chicken.
pos	lots of chicken, plenty of rice, two meals easy.
neg	i'm confused why anyone would choose to go here.
neg	to be clear, my expectations were that it would be an all asian version of noodles & co.  cheap, decent, fresh food.
neg	cheap - yep decent - no fresh - maybe at one point i ordered the thai curry noodles.
neg	not impressed.
neg	i've never tasted something that claimed to be curry with so little flavor.
neg	my vegetables were obviously charred and they still sent me the dish.
neg	yuck.
neg	my boyfriend ordered the teriyaki udon, and the noodles were too skinny to be udon with the same flavor issues.
neg	not even the chili garlic sauce did much to it.
neg	chin's - good concept, but a waste of money even at $6.
neg	ashley v said it best "why would anyone choose to go here?"
neg	i am still traveling, and the indignities of the midwest continue.
neg	i didn't think it was cheap.
neg	i knew i was not going to get real chinese food, i knew i was coming in to get a pseudo version of americanized chinese food.
neg	my first indication that i was not in peking, was the hispanic girl struggling to understand my english ordering and the pos system which was also in english.
neg	damn oppressive society.
neg	anyway, i really should not disparage global initiative the restaurant is embracing.
neg	we are all going to be working for indian companies, as obama went specifically to india to procure 15 million jobs to alleviate the unemployment crisis in this country.
neg	i welcome tata motors and their cardboard framed cars.
neg	i digress.....  rosa, or whatever her name was, with the help of her friend, miguel (probably not his name, and he was clearly only working there because it was too cold for his primary profession, that being a jockey) managed to screw up my order twice, overcharged me twice and never apologized.
neg	almost thought i was in los angeles again.
neg	the cream cheese puffs were soggy, greasy and about as far from "puffy" as one could get.
neg	the chicken was white, but it was also fatty and grisly.
neg	the thai spring rolls were not bad flavor but they too were greasy and not very crispy.
neg	the fried rice was disgusting, just a greasy mush of dirty looking rice, mushrooms and egg.
neg	finally, the pot stickers, ah the pot stickers, they should have stuck to the pot.
neg	the filling was some processed mash of something, while the outside was supposed to have been lightly pan fried, let's emphasize the word "lightly."
neg	this is not very good asian food.
neg	i would suggest that there must be a better choice in madison.
neg	i am sure there are asians in madison.
neg	i have not seen them, but somewhere in this land must lay a pocket of asians.
neg	there is a university, with a math and an engineering department .
neg	there has to be asians somewhere, i would suggest to find them, and ask them where to eat.
neg	i am sure chin's would not be on their list.
neg	for what it is, a fast food americanized oriental restaurant, it's not overly bad, as long as you don't order shrimp.
neg	service: i've never had a problem here.
neg	while not always the most outgoing service, they are friendly.
neg	my order is always ready in a decent amount of time.
neg	i've never dined in, so i won't comment on atmosphere.
neg	their menu and nutritional info is easily accessed on line.
neg	for the most part, i've had ok experiences with the food selections.
neg	i don't expect spectacular food from this place, it is, after all, 'fast food' from a restaurant chain.
neg	it's nothing really special.
neg	however, today i had an experience that sort of turned my stomach a bit.
neg	i ordered a shrimp and veggie stir fry to go.
neg	when i got back to work and went to dig in, i was a little disgusted to find that the shrimp were not deveined prior to cooking.
neg	for those of you who don't know what that means: the shrimp's digestive track (seen as a dark brown 'vein' along the spine of the shrimp) wasn't removed, which means that the digestive track and it's contents were left in place.
neg	yes, i know it's not horrible to eat it, but if you know what it is, it can turn your stomach.
neg	i assumed that a restaurant such as this would devein shrimp prior to cooking.
neg	i pulled all the shrimp and deveined them myself, but i'd already lost my appetite.
neg	i did put the shrimp aside and ate some of the brown rice and veggies, but with my stomach already feeling a bit nauseous, that didn't go well.
neg	so now i'm left with an $8 meal sitting on my desk (soon to hit the garbage) with only about 1/8th of it consumed and having to find an alternative for lunch.
neg	lesson learned, if i'm craving a good stir fry with shrimp, shell out the extra cash for pf changs.
neg	**** i thought eventually i'd go back, but i haven't been since then.
neg	we had some of their food catered in for work, it was overcooked, rubbery, and chewy.
neg	yeah, next time i'll get my own lunch.
neg	i've definitely had better.
neg	the overall quality of all the food....veggies and chicken, was definitely poor.
neg	i ate it but will definitely not go there again!
pos	after going to the chin's on state st. i was pretty sure i'd never go to chin's again.
pos	but this location is close to my work and a coworker invited me.
pos	perhaps i am also weak?
pos	anyway i was pleasantly surprised to find that, for whatever reason, the food here seemed much better.
pos	it could maybe be argued that the noodles are a little heavy on the sauce, but everything else seemed fine.
pos	the tofu and veggies are well prepared and chewable (not the case on state st!)
pos	and really that's all i need.
pos	in addition the staff is always pleasant and the food comes out quickly.
pos	we love this place.
pos	food is excellent, service fast, huge portions, reasonable prices.
pos	egg drop soup, spring rolls, bourbon chicken with veg fried rice--fantastic.
pos	you will not be sorry you visited.
pos	on nice evenings or lunches, eat outside .
neg	i was in the area.
neg	i was about to go to pho nam but decided to try chins.
neg	my first impression was that this was a lot like noodles and company with a chinese decor.
neg	it felt it fell short in ambiance and flavor for me.
neg	i ordered the thai noodles.
neg	thai noodles: wide asian noodles with bok choy, red onions, pea pods, and water chestnuts in coconut curry with thai seasonings, garnished with lime, red pepper, and sprouts.
neg	i didn't feel like this had a lot of flavor.
neg	it was barely coconut curry and actually had a flavor that was different from anything i have ever had before.
neg	the vegetable were fresh and the portion was good.
neg	my overall experience was so so but i still ended up having a good time because i was able to witness an exchange between some people that was something like a scene out of the movie slacker by linklater.
neg	it was awkward.
neg	a true cringe moment.
neg	bizarre.
neg	some people can be so cold and insensitive.
neg	it went on for about 5 minutes and really made my stop there interesting.
neg	there were a lot of people here from what it looked like they were on lunch from nearby businesses.
neg	the folks here really work their butts off.
neg	but the food and the restaurant could be so much better.
pos	we love asia fresh.
pos	bourbon chicken with veg fried rice-perfect.
pos	take away done quickly.
pos	service great.
pos	great price.
pos	we did takeout from here and both thought our dinners were awesome.
pos	we ordered:   - chicken wings with sesame szechuan sauce (you can get them with any stir fry sauce choice) - hot and sour soup - thai spring rolls - sesame chicken - sweet and sour chicken.
pos	then we got stuck in rush hour/post blizzard traffic and had a 40 minute commute home.
pos	we were both impressed how well the food held up after that amount of time!
pos	the flavor of the wings was good, but they were obviously no longer hot.
pos	next time we will try those when we dine in.
pos	everything else had lots of heat and flavor.
pos	the hot and sour soup looked different than any other i have eaten, but it was still good and plenty hot.
pos	i did not detect much sour in it, my only small complaint.
pos	we both felt we had more than enough food for $23, and the quality was great.
pos	we will definitely go back.
pos	i am actually a little shocked at all the bad reviews on this place after our dining experience.
pos	not sure if they have improved things or we just hit it on a good night.
pos	service was fast, friendly and accurate...no complaints there.
pos	the food here is quite good actually.
pos	not 5 star restaurant quality but for the price and service, it's decent.
pos	the staff was friendly and i didn't wait long in line.
pos	the teriyaki chicken and cream puffs are my favorites and even though the chocolate covered fortune cookie was meant for little kids, i still have the balls to ask for one lol.
pos	overall, not a bad choice at all.
pos	oh and i'll say it straight off the bat, this place is not authentic asian food.
pos	but for what it is (which is pan asian fast food), it did not disappoint me.
pos	fast food chinese is generally not that exciting, but i must say this place really was quite impressive.
pos	very fresh tasting ingredients with a lot of good flavors, all served hot and with a smile.
pos	what more could you ask for?
neg	a fast-casual spin-off of a minnesota-based, fast-food chinese-american chain that likewise serves nothing special, chin's gets one star for being the only asian-american place i know of in dane county that serves fried cream cheese wontons without crabmeat.
neg	i require a side dish of epinephrine if i eat crab, so i appreciate this omission.
neg	now that i have established that i go here just for the cream cheese puffs, it should be clear that i'm far from an expert on asian food.
neg	so take the rest of my review with a grain of salt; there should be plenty to spare in your entree.
neg	i used to think this place was ok -- it still has plenty of variety, a very friendly staff, good chili-garlic sauce, decent potstickers, above-average lettuce wraps, no grisly or fatty pieces of meat -- but lately the preparation has been sloppy and the presentation just as bad.
neg	i suspect the quality of the ingredients has come down a notch.
neg	after cream cheese wontons, pad thai is one of my favorite asian entrees.
neg	my last order looked like goldilocks's porridge in the "three little bears" golden book i had as a kid.
neg	dull gray, soupy, greasy, salty and watery, yet somehow sticky.
neg	the chopped peanuts added no crunch at all, which is too bad because other than the chicken pieces i picked through the mess to find, i was hoping to find something else edible.
neg	epic fail on this entree.
neg	on my next visit, i ordered the firecracker noodles with chicken, as a side to my beloved wontons.
neg	slight improvement from last time but still salty as the dead sea and enough grease to de-squeak every door hinge on the west side.
neg	the bag was so heavy i skipped my biceps workout for a week.
neg	the red peppers had no life left.
neg	again, i hunted and pecked for the chicken, which is consistently decent-quality, well-prepared white meat.
neg	my wife's veggie fried rice would have been ok -- they ease up on the salt and valvoline for this entree -- but the vegetables were overcooked and charred in places.
neg	fresh veggies should present as a bright spectrum of colors -- orange from the carrots, bright green from the scallions, broccoli and pea pods, yellow from the corncobettes.
neg	instead, however, they were the same brown color as the fried rice.
neg	my last fortune cookie said i'll probably return to chin's.
neg	it's on the way home from work, the food comes out fast and i can't resist those damn cream cheese wontons.
neg	maybe i'll throw in some potstickers or wraps and call it dinner.
pos	i like that i can add items to a base entree to make it my own.
pos	i love the thai peanut lo mein.
pos	the noodles were easy to eat (they were cut shorter).
neg	we tried to order for delivery because we are 4 miles away.
neg	on their menu it says $15 minimum.
neg	we called to place the order and we were told today it's a $75 minimum.
neg	we found that insane so never ordered.
pos	i always get the lemon chicken and it's delicious!
pos	nice light batter and very crispy with a good amount of sauce.
pos	the potstickers are also very good.
neg	only thing less disappointing then the food is the staff.
neg	ordered chin wings, hot & sour soup and sesame chicken to go.. what i get in return is chin wings with the wrong stir fry sauce, a cup of hot & sour and lemon chicken.
neg	they charged me for what i ordered, yet they still refused a refund me or to replace my food.. avoid this place like the plague.
neg	the food was decent.
neg	but yet again, the staff managed to screw my order up and ended up charging me more then what i should of payed for.
neg	i will never order from there again.
neg	i called to find out what was on the hot and spicy chicken.
neg	the person who answered informed me that it was both hot and spicy but it was serves with broccoli, snow peas and onions.
neg	once i got my entree it was neither hot nor spicy.
neg	on top of that, there was no broccoli.
neg	too many onions, barely any snow peas and a very small amount of chicken.
neg	did i mention that i don't think the chicken was actually chicken?
neg	it was cut so thin and had no chicken flavor.
neg	the white rice that accompanied my dish was mushy and clumped together.
neg	i've made better rice boiling it.
neg	my mom had the kung pao chicken and she was also dissatisfied with her meal.
neg	the crab rangoon was ok... fairly basic.
neg	i won't return there.
neg	i would prefer to give it a zero
pos	hubby has been eating here for years but since i only occasionally visit wi, he never convinced me to give this little dive a try.
pos	now i'm sad about what i've been missing!
pos	cannot understand how they do it for so cheap - amazingly fresh, tasty, generous chinese.
pos	clean, open kitchen, very fast and large variety.
pos	liked it so much that i got a lunch special to go for the bus ride over to o'hare.
pos	they packed it up tight but remember to take napkins, condiments and utensils.
pos	i loved the shrimp with broccoli (also had carrots) and the shrimp were large and plentiful.
pos	wonton soup (4 big dumplings) on a cold day was delish and included in the lunch special.
pos	also got chicken egg foo yung which included large, well filled egg roll - also tasty, mustardy sauce ok (not as good as the brown sauce i'm used to).
pos	all lunch specials include roast pork fried rice which was good enough to buy on its own.
pos	seems like a mom/pop place so support your local chinese joint - down with pf/pw/pe.
pos	i have ordered food from here on numerous occasions.
pos	it's always been good and reasonably priced.
pos	i wish they delivered.
pos	that is the only drawback.
pos	always good, friendly, and hot.
pos	my family likes this "chinese" best in sun prairie.
pos	the food is even better of you eat it "in".
pos	never full of customers (is that good?
pos	), it seems like they do a lot of take-out business.
pos	there is delivery.
pos	not much updated decor.
pos	good for when you want local basic amer/asian, same menu as all the rest.
pos	some days it's better than others, but never bad.
pos	i ate there 2 times.
pos	i recommend sea food soup, spicy salty shrimp, singapore rice noodle.
pos	the location is not that good.
pos	it's in sun prairie, a suburb area from madison, wi.
pos	i believe if the location is in downtown madison, it would be one of the top chinese restaurant in madison.
pos	panda garden is the best place to get chinese food in sun prairie.
pos	and they deliver which is a plus in my book!
pos	i've eaten in the restaurant a couple of times, but usually do take out.
pos	i've never had anything i didn't like there (and we've tried a very good array of items).
pos	tonight we had the garlic shrimp and chicken lo mein.
pos	both were awesome!
pos	the garlic shrimp had a nice spicy kick to it, but still had a ton of flavor!
pos	the crab rangoon and pot stickers are also tasty!
pos	pricing is very reasonable for what you get!
pos	i love this place.
pos	the fried dumplings are to die for.
pos	easy on-line menu, great selection and fabulous food.
pos	i ordered hot/ sour soup, egg roll and chicken/ broccoli.
pos	all of it was great.
pos	i can't wait to go back.
pos	every time my boyfriend and i eat here, it has been great.
pos	we really enjoy the steamed dumplings and hot and sour soup.
pos	the staff is very friendly, too.
neg	i was unhappy due to having to wait 55 minutes for my one meal (steamed veggies combo with chicken, shrimp and scallops!
neg	then i get two pieces of shrimp, three small slices of chicken a few tiny scallops!!
neg	for $12.00 that is a rip off, a joke and unacceptable!
neg	you going to charge for food with those items in you better put more than sliced veggies!!
neg	i will never come back!
pos	this is take out only.
pos	they have at least two locations that i am aware of.
pos	one in sun prairie and one in fitchburg.
pos	they have excellent chinese food and the prices are pretty good.
pos	best chinese i've found so far.
pos	hot and sour soup and their won ton soup are fantastic.
pos	sometimes i'll go and just get the soup.
pos	i haven't had better crab rangoon than they serve here.
pos	the people who work there are pretty nice, too.
pos	the general tso's and boneless spare ribs are about as good as you'll find.
pos	no lie!
neg	meh.
neg	it's okay when you want something quick.
neg	not overly impressed.
neg	fried rice is good.
neg	pretty bland for chinese take out.
neg	we used to go here for our americanized chinese food every so often for the last 7 years.
neg	however, in the last year the quality of their food has taken a nose dive to unacceptable levels of blech and blah.
neg	the rice and steamed vegetables were good, but that's about all we could tolerate.
neg	we ordered general tso's, which is what we always get when we first try a chinese restaurant.
neg	it helps us compare to other places.the quality of the chicken used was awful.
neg	the dumplings were flavorless.
neg	we will not be returning.
neg	blech.
neg	my brother heard this was the best chinese buffet in sun prairie.
neg	maybe that is true, but it must be the only chinese buffet in sun prairie.
neg	i'm not giving it a hard time for "authenticity" or any of that eaither.
neg	i love me some good americanized, crappy chinese food.
neg	here, even the stuff that was out fresh from the kitchen (which was mighty slim picken's) was barely edible.
neg	i was really looking forward to some good old midwestern chinese buffet, too.
neg	the chinese food options in portland are actually very lacking, the last really good stuff i had was from a strip mall in crawfordsville, in.
neg	seriously, they can do it right but everyone else serves lukewarm, tasteless piles of mystery?
neg	gotta be kidding me.
neg	most options seemed to have been sitting for way too long when we got here, and it was peak dinner eating time.
neg	i should have been tipped off by the low number of patrons at this "best chinese" but i like to give the benefit of the doubt.
neg	you are better off making ramen noodles at home and calling it chinese food.
pos	i love this place.
pos	the food is always fresh, they keep an eye on the buffet so they can refill the trays quickly.
pos	i've never had anything here that wasn't great.
pos	update:  this place closed down about a year ago.
pos	sadness.
pos	another mom and pop chinese buffet goes by the wayside of stretching themselves too thin.
pos	i resisted going here for the past several years that i've lived in sun prairie b/c of all the other mediocre chinese food buffet restaurants i've eaten at that left me a bit disappointed.
pos	their selection is less in numbers of dishes than other places around the dane county area; however, in terms of quality and freshness, it's rather good.
pos	since other reviewers did not go into significant detail about the offerings, i'll mention my first time experience recently on a sunday (where there were about three other tables of diners):  - peanut butter chicken - mongolian beef - chow mein - a few sushi rolls (x2 varieties) - crab rangoons (better than average) - spring rolls (eggrolls, more aptly) - popcorn shrimp - two types of soups - your basic hot and sour or egg drop (these were just ok) - chicken skewers (these were excellent even though i didn't expect them to be based on appearance) - seafood stir fry w/ veggies - fish fillets - dessert options looked like a few types of cakes and fruit, pudding, and jello.
pos	i like the emphasis on quality rather than quantity.
pos	and this place was clean.
pos	it's tucked away in a strip mall by walmart, so points against it for location.
pos	but you can't beat the price, $7-8 for a buffet meal!
pos	of course, afterwards, i had to nap off the food coma ...
pos	i have been eating here for at least 7 years and it's excellent.
pos	typically a group of us go there for lunch coming from work.
pos	i love the pepper chicken the broccoli and the chicken on a stick things.
pos	ohh yes, the peanut butter chicken is also excellent.
pos	my 4 kids really love going there too when we happen to be in that area on a weekend.
pos	they've been going there every now and then since they were babies.
pos	i have heard that they may not be able to renew their lease as that part of the strip mall may be changed.
pos	that would be very disappointing.
pos	they have been a loyal staple spot for years while stores with in the mall have changed some of which are still vacant.
pos	if you have not checked them out give them a try.
pos	if you enjoy them go back for a visit incase they are soon gone.
neg	closed.
pos	this restaurant was forced to close due to a greedy landlord that suddenly doubled their rent, probably because of the upgrades done with the new walmart.
pos	does anyone know where this family went or if they opened in another location?
pos	i would gladly go to the the one.
pos	i haven't found any chinese food as good.
pos	i enjoy this place everytime i go in there.
pos	its family owned and has consistently good food.
pos	large soda selection with  awesome crab rangoon.
pos	my favorite dish is the happy family which has beef, pork, chicken, crab, and veggies in brown sauce.
neg	way too sweet for my liking.
neg	real authentic chinese food isn't always sweet.
neg	in my opinion, if you like sweet taste this much, might as well eat candy bar dip in corn syrup as a meal.
neg	when i ordered my food a few years back from them, they put too much food coloring so much that it looked yellow.
neg	it was not appealing to me.
neg	but it has been years i haven't been there so they could have improved and better.
neg	i sure hope that's the case.